Good afternoon, my name is Seriana, I'm going to read your exam.
What's your name?
My name is Seriana.
Manila, where do you live?
I live in the lower floor.
Do you work or do you study?
I study for Oso.
Great.
Manila, what is your favorite type of music?
I don't have a favorite type of music because I heard oil.
Do you prefer the mornings or the evenings?
The mornings because I am more promoted.
Will you use English in the future?
Can you use English in the future?
Yes, for example, traveling because English is the global language, I think, for communicate with other people.
Great.
I'm going to do a photograph.
Okay, do you hear your photograph?
It shows some people learning language.
I want to describe the photograph for about a minute.
In this first picture, I can see a group of I think that they are friends that are studied in a library.
They are studying how to live with.
For example, an exam.
I can save a boy to girls.
They are older than me.
I think they are in the university, for example, a physical.
Great.
Let's move to part three.
In this part of the test, you are going to talk about something with me for about two minutes.
I'm going to describe the situation to you.
The exam works very hard and has only one three day a week.
He wants to find an activity to help him relax.
Here are some of the activities he could do to relax.
Let's talk together about the activities he could do and say which would be the most relaxing.
I think the most relaxing is stay at home every hour because he is alone.
There isn't this too.
For example, this picture that he is in a party and he cannot relax.
I agree with you.
I think going to a party is going to be more stressful than relaxing.
He only has one day to relax.
Maybe next day he has to go back to work.
Maybe reading a book at home would be a great idea.
Or I also think that having a walk at the park with his dog could be relaxing because he is seeing a lot of nature.
What do you think?
I agree with you.
I think that another way to relax is going to be a bed.
Because you can hear the sound of the water.
You are alone.
I think this is the most relaxing.
I agree with you.
Maybe the beach can also be stressful because of the sand.
It also depends on the weather.
Maybe if it is raining or hailing you can go to the beach.
Maybe staying at home, preparing a recipe, could also be relaxing because you can take your time to prepare a bowl of pasta or cake.
I agree with you.
I think that it is stressful too because if the recipe didn't go to the point that he likes to eat, for example,
he didn't follow the path and I think going to swim is a relaxing way.
I think that either going to swim or staying at home, bringing a book would be the best and most relaxing activity for him.
Are you agree?
I agree.
Now I am going to ask you a few questions.
Vanilla, who do you spend your free time with?
I spend my free time with my friends and my family.
What do you usually do?
I, or with my family, stay at home and with my friends.
For example, we go to Puerto Enetia because we can't do a lot of things there.
Vanilla, is it important to do exercise in your free time?
Yes.
To be a healthier, I think that doing exercise in our free time is good.
And do you ever listen to music while you are relaxing?
No.
Because I relax and sleep.
And with music, I cannot relax and I can sleep.
Thank you.
Felicity of the test.